Xsup 31703 pager duty (#31780)
demisto/content: Packs/PagerDuty/ReleaseNotes/1_1_9.md

#### Integrations

##### PagerDuty v2

> - Fixed an issue where logging error caused timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a timeout error occurred in case an HTTP error was returned from the API call.
```
